Backend Quiz
Challenge 1
Write a Java program to solve this challenge. The program should find all unique triplets in the given
array that sum up to the target sum.
Input: array, expected sum
Output: the array index of the two numbers whose sum equals the expected sum.
Challenge 2
The Quiz is about a simple sales management system, which should include product management,
client management, sales operations management, reporting, and user authentication features.
Note: The implementation of these APIs should be done using Spring Boot framework
following best practices, including data validation, error handling, security measures, and efficient
database operations.
Required API’s
Products Management
1.
2.
3.
4.
Fetch products and view id, name, description, category, creation date,
available quantity, and price.
Create a new product with a name, description, category, initial quantity, and
price.
Update the existing product's name, description, category, quantity, and price.
Delete a product from the inventory.
Clients Management
1. Fetch clients and view id, name, last name, mobile,
email, and address.
2. Create a new client with name, last name, mobile,
email, and address.
3. Update the existing client's name, last name,
mobile, email, and address.
4. Delete a client from the database.
Sales
1. Fetch all sales operations and view id, creation date, client, seller, and
total.
2. Create new sales with multiple transactions.
3. Edit quantities and prices of the sale.
Reporting1. Generate a sales report for a specific date range, including the total number of sales, total
revenue, top-selling products, and top-performing sellers.
2. Generate a client report showing the total number of clients, top-spending clients, client
activity, and client location statistics.
3. Generate a product report with inventory status, sales performance, and pricing analysis.
Logging and Auditing
1. Log important system activities, including user actions, product updates, client updates, sales
operations, and reporting.
2. Implement auditing mechanisms to track changes made to critical data, such as product price
changes or client information updates.
Required Files
1- Class diagram file.
2- Github link or project zip file.